
In you company how many project did you have works on your company?
 Basically , I have  worked on multiple projects but currently I am working on one project to create template's and transaction's and layouts and targets.

Can you please tell me about your projects that you have worked in your company?

Which domain did you  have worked.

1. Adeptia -(Business )
2. find us here-( IT services management)
3. E- retail - (E commerce)

Tell me about yourself?
As you know my name is Shailandra kumar. i am from Kasganj but currently i living in Noida.
i have complete my graduation in BSC from swami Vivekananda Subharti university Meerut. if you
talk about my experience i have 4.2 years+ experience in automation testing my current organization 
is Adeptia . if you talk about my roles and reasonability .
firstly we gathering the requirement with the BA and some responsible person. then after that we 
create the test cases after that we automate the test case according to the requirement in different-different module.
if you talk about my technical skills- so i am working selenium with java with the test NG framework
we use data driven approach for read and write data from the Excel. for the designing of the framework,
we are using page object model for automation we prefer java language. Also work in the manual side and 
also worked with the API testing use JIRA tool for bug tracking. If you talk about my project structure
show my projects mainly divided into two parts, first SRC main java second is SRC test java, in SRC main java
we have multiple packages there like application utility, base utility, Excel utility-second in SRC test we call 
all the action methods in the test class so, implement page object model.
that's the maven And CI point of view we implement Jenkins.

How many experience do you have in automation?
i have  2 years+ experience in automation testing.

Do you experience do you have in manual?
yes i have experience  in manual testing but mainly we working on 
automation testing

Did you have experience in Java? So how much experience did you have in java?
we have 4+ years of experience in java with selenium.

Did you have experience in API? So how much experience did you have in API?
yes i have 3+ years experience in API (application programming interface) testing basically we used to make the 
communication between two or more server that's API testing

What is your notice period and how soon you can join with our company?
one month notice period  but i have paid leave so i negotiate so i will manage.

Tell me your daily routine?
firstly thing i do after login in my system. i check the active sprint in Jira for our project code. there
i can see  my assigned open tasks . after that i will check  my mail if there is any important mail  i need to
 take action on . then we have our daily scrum meeting where we used it tell our previous day actions what
we did, what we are planning for today if we have any blocker to discuss. product owner and scrum master
help us to resolve that blocker. after that i need to take the pending task and do needed action whether creating
test case, execution, Defect retesting if any .

Tell me your daily roles and responsibility?
firstly we gathering the requirement with the BA and some responsible person. then after that we 
create the tests case according to the requirement and divided into different-different module and  after that we automate the test case according to the requirement 
if you talk about my technical skills- so i am working selenium with java with the test NG framework
we use data driven approach for read and write data from the Excel. for the designing of the framework,
we are using page object model. for automation we prefer java language. Also work in the manual side and 
also worked with the API testing. I use JIRA tool for bug tracking

Tell me your daily roles and responsibility FOR MANUAL Testing?
firstly we gathering the requirement with the BA and some responsible person and identify required the test
scenario and test the design phase and setting up the environment according to the requirement. 
excute the test cases to validate application. after that defect report and tracking , retest report and tracking
and creating automation scripts. provides recommendation on the application whether it is ready for production or not. 

-

What is SDLC And STLC PROCESS
SDLC
*requirement gathering 
*designing phase
*implementation
*testing phase
*deployment
*maintenance
STLC
*requirement analysis 
* test case designing 
*environment setup
*test case execution
*defect logging
*test cycle closure

why you change your job ?
actually looking for better career prospects, and professional growth
and ready few new role and challenges as well.



Bug Life Cycle

New
A bug is identified and logged by a tester or user.

Assigned
The bug is assigned to a developer for analysis and fixing.

Open
The developer starts working on the bug.

In Progress / In Development
The bug is being actively fixed.

Fixed / Resolved
The developer has applied a fix and marks it as resolved.

Ready for Retest
The bug is sent to the QA team for re-verification.

Retest
he QA team retests the application to confirm the fix.

Verified
If the bug no longer exists, it is marked as verified.

Closed
The bug is officially closed after successful verification.


 GIT Command


git config --global user.name "Your Name"
git config --global user. Email "your.email@example.com"

git init
git clone <repository-url>

git status

git add <file-name>
git add .

git commit -m "Your commit message"

git log

git branch <branch-name>
git checkout <branch-name>
git checkout -b <branch-name>

git merge <branch-name>

git push origin <branch-name>
git push --all

git pull origin <branch-name>

git stash
git stash apply

git branch -d <branch-name>
git branch -D <branch-name>
git push origin --delete <branch-name>

git checkout -- <file-name>
git reset --soft HEAD~1
git reset --hard HEAD~1

git remote -v
git remote add origin <repository-url>


API Error code

500 Internal Server Error
A generic error when the server encounters an unexpected condition.

502 Bad Gateway
The server, while acting as a gateway or proxy, received an invalid response from the upstream server.

503 Service Unavailable
The server is currently unavailable (overloaded or down for maintenance).

504 Gateway Timeout
The server, while acting as a gateway or proxy, did not get a timely response from the upstream server.
